chore: update login (#96)
gatling/frontline-cloud-doc: content/reference/user/login/index.md

Thanks so much for trying Gatling Enterprise Cloud. To access the cloud visit [https://cloud.gatling.io/](https://cloud.gatling.io/) to log in.

{{< img src="login.png" alt="Login" >}}

## Registration 

### Create your own account

Click on the **register** link to open the sign up form.

Fill out the form and press **Register** to create your account and receive an validation email.

### Connect with an identity provider

Click on the identity provider you wan't to connect with (e.g: GitHub, Google).
You'll be redirected and asked to authorize the application.

You will need to **authorize** it. We only require access to your public profile and email address.

{{< img src="login-github-oauth.png" alt="GitHub authorization page" caption="Access authorization example with GitHub" >}}

{{< alert warning >}}
Authorization page opens in a new tab. If no tab opens, make sure that your browser doesn't block it.
{{< /alert >}}

> Then, you will have to update or fill missing informations from your identity provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you will have to fill in your profile information (some values may be pre-filled from your identity provider's data, but you can still modify them).
```
Might be clearer?
